
To add to what Rick said, I would add that effective DSM requires that price 
signals be sent to customers AND customers have the ability to repond -- even 
Mr. I See Market Power Under Every Bush, Dr. Frank Wolak, has as one of his 
key solutions -- competitive retail markets.

Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854



	Richard Shapiro
	04/04/2001 11:07 AM
		
		 To: Linda Robertson/NA/Enron@ENRON
		 cc: Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron, Joe Hartsoe/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Tom 
Briggs/NA/Enron@Enron, James D Steffes/NA/Enron@Enron, Paul 
Kaufman/PDX/ECT@ECT, Janine Migden/NA/Enron@Enron, Jean Ryall/NA/Enron@ENRON, 
Aleck Dadson/TOR/ECT@ECT, Ricardo Charvel/NA/Enron@Enron, Jeff 
Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron, Susan J Mara/NA/Enron@ENRON, Jose 
Bestard/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steve Montovano/NA/Enron@Enron
		 Subject: Re: Lay/Skilling Talking Points for Bush Admin Meetings and Calls


	


I think these are quite good...the missing piece, I would argue, that we need 
to include is a talking point on the need for FERC to focus significant 
resources on the identification and elimination of market power in 
electricity markets and the need to encourage the development of distributed 
generation and more effective demand - side response mechanisms , partly in 
response to market power concerns. This is a huge issue in  getting wholesale 
electricity markets to work effectively, i.e; to create discernable  consumer 
welfare benefits.... and we ( Enron ) need to talk about this this issue and 
concern and talk about it frequently and w/ the same passion we talk about 
the need for open markets.



Linda Robertson
04/04/2001 12:09 PM
To: Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron
cc: Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron@Enron, Joe Hartsoe/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Tom 
Briggs/NA/Enron@Enron 

Subject: Lay/Skilling Talking Points for Bush Admin Meetings and Calls

Steve, per our conversation yesterday in Houston, what do you think of these 
TPs?  To be used by both Ken and Jeff in conversations and meetings with the 
Bush Administration.




 - Skilling Talking Points.doc




